whole app is wrapped in reactrouter [using Browser router in main.jsx]
main.jsx is top of frontend.
under main.jsx there is app.jsx

in app.jsx routes of all pages are added

navbar will be shown in all pages even no routing. as it is mounted before routes

using navlink adding home collection about. their routing links also added in navlink

whenever we click or open any route in navlink active attribute will be added in classname of that navlink. navlink provides this feature

initially we are hiding underline from navlinks but made visible in case of that link opened using activ attr. by cahnging in index.css 

similarly account and cart created. using dropdown on hovering for account button.

for smaller screen adding menu button. logic done in classname of button. 
using react state variable by setting true visited when menu clicked on small screen. and setting it false in back button.

as we are using a avriable in classname it needs to be dynamic

context holds all common var and statevars in one place
using createcontext

whenever we add something inside value of contextprovider we can use it anywhere in app using context api. it is used to store products and other obv things.
so in main.jsx browser-router->Shopcontext->app

latestproduct: use react state as it will change on adding product
use effect as we need to load it every page refresh
created a commoon productitem component
use it to render latest products

do same for bestsellers

in collection tab we will show all products along with filters
so use shopcontext to get all prodcts

check how filtering is done. commnet in code in collection.jsx
write togglecollection function and add it onChange of options

map products using productitem component

to sort items create a function. check comment on collection.jsx . use a sortType useState. call the sort function in a useEffect to load on any change

to filter do similar

searching
keep serach related usestate in shopcontext to use it in multiple places.
add it in app.jsx
create a searchbar component . here searchbar will be shown in collection page by default and in other page by clicking search icon.
uselocation gives pathname of that page like '/collection'
to search product use applyfilter in collection.jsx to find by name
add in useeffect



 